
Johnny Carmona

Email: johnny.carmona@gmail.com

Phone: +1 (347) 630 6105

Objective

Dedicated full stack developer with over 10 years of experience in software development and consulting. Skilled in architecting and developing solutions, and driving digital transformation for global clients. Seeking to leverage expertise in frontend and backend technologies to drive innovation and deliver exceptional results as a code collaborator while bringing my problem solving skills to the table.

Professional Summary

Computer Engineer with a proven track record of success in software development and consultancy roles across a spectrum of industries, including oil and gas, hospitality, gaming, and finance. Experienced in frontend and backend technologies, cloud platforms, and deployment processes. Strong leadership skills with a focus on driving collaboration and delivering high-quality solutions.

Technical Skills

Programming Languages: JavaScript, typescript, HTML/CSS, Java, C#, PHP, Python

Frontend Frameworks: Angular, React, React Native, Vue.js, MaterialUI, bootstrap

Backend Frameworks: Node.js, Spring Boot, express Js, NestJs, .net core

Cloud Platforms: AWS(sns, queues, lambda, cognito, RDS, EKS, S3, code Deploy, KMS, ALB, Route53), Azure, Google Cloud Platform
DevOps Tools: Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Git

Databases: MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL, GraphQL
AI tools: Copilot, Gemi, etc
Professional Experience

Sr. Software Engineer, Click Therapeutics, NY, USA
August 2024 - April 2025

Let the development of various critical features, while making sure we met our dead lines with the upmost quality
Developing native mobile application using react native frame work supported by iOS and Android.
Introduced better software patterns and practices to the code base by restructuring the code and sharing documentation with the team.
Helped the company meet important milestones and strengthening relationships with investors. 
Work-stream highly coupled with AI tools to boost productivity


Sr. Software Engineer II, McKinsey & Company, NY, USA August 2018’ - April 2024’

Collaborated with cross-functional teams to architect and implement cloud infrastructure solutions.

Worked on multiple stacks (.net, java spring boot, nodeJs, NestJs, Angular, React, Vue, mysql, SQL server, Postgres) across multiple projects for different clients.
Collaborated to the different product’s code base such as:

FE React Dashboard and NodeJs BE services to display airline optimization data generated by an AI model to make decision around dispatcher’s staffing deployed to AWS platform.

Agriculture mobile/web app using Angular 14 and nestJs backend api services and aws for deployment.

Drill replacement prediction tool for a major gas and oil company using Angular 13 and C# .net core 3.0 backend and azure cloud platform.
E-commerce platform for a major water filter provider using react 18 and Java spring boot using AWS cloud services.

React FE dashboard and Java Spring Boot BE for a major US telecom company to help them optimize field tech schedules deployed to AWS platform.


Sr Front End Tech Lead, McKinsey & Company, Costa Rica November 2015’ - August 2018’

Architected and developed medium-sized Angular applications, ensuring consistency in look and feel across different projects.
Implemented a global framework for frontend development, improving efficiency and scalability across teams.

Collaborated with stakeholders to understand requirements and deliver solutions that meet business objectives.

Collaborated to the different product’s code base such as:
360 evaluation app using Angular 2.0 and C# .net core 1.0 for the backend services

News subscription service using React 16

Engagement quote calculator using React 16 and .NET api

Sr Web Developer, Accenture, Costa Rica April 2012’ - November 2015’

Collaborated to the code of a financial entity UI framework/libraries using Angular 2.0 and bootstrap.

Led the migration of a major international brand's website to the Adobe AEM/CQ5 platform, making it responsive across different devices.
Coordinated technical resources and implemented frontend components integrated with backend services.

Provided maintenance and support for Java-based web applications, ensuring optimal performance and user experience.


Software Engineer, Fiserv, Costa Rica January 2012’ - April 2012'

Maintained a banking software system developed in C, C++, C#, and ASP.NET, ensuring reliability and performance for financial clients.
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to troubleshoot issues and implement enhancements to the software.

Sr Software Engineer / Tech Lead, BoszDigital, Costa Rica 
April 2010’ - January 2012

Led a team of developers in resolving JavaScript, AJAX, and CSS issues for web development projects.

Researched and recommended new tools and technologies to improve development processes.

Developed frontend solutions for a pharmaceutical company using C#

.net frameworks.

Web Developer, avVenta, Costa Rica

July 2008’ - April 2010’

Managed the maintenance of multiple websites across different platforms and technologies.

Implemented frontend enhancements and managed content updates to improve user experience.

Collaborated with cross-functional teams to deliver high-quality solutions on time and within budget.

Software Developer Consultant,Alienware, Costa Rica Aug 2003’ - May 2008’

Developed tools and applications using C# .NET and PHP for the research and development department.

Provided technical support and assistance to internal teams and external clients.

Contributed to the continuous improvement of software development processes and methodologies.

Education

Universidad Latinoamericana de Ciencia y Tecnología (ULACIT)

Bachelor of Computer Science, 1997 - 2003


Immigration status

 Permanent resident